[OSDOCS#9544]: Release Notes 4.13.32 (#71260)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-13-31-updating"]
==== Updating
To update an existing {product-title} 4.13 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc#updating-cluster-cli[Updating a cluster using the CLI].

[id="ocp-4-13-32"]
=== RHSA-2024:0660 - {product-title} 4.13.32 bug fix and security update

Issued: 2024-02-07

{product-title} release 4.13.32, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:0660[RHSA-2024:0660] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:0662[RHBA-2024:0662] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.13.32 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-14-11-features"]
==== Features

The following feature is included in this z-stream release:

[id="ocp-4-13-32-wherabouts-cron-schedule"]

> ===== Enabling configuration of whereabouts cron schedule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===== Enabling configuration of Whereabouts cron schedule
```

> * Previously, the Wherabouts reconciliation schedule was hard-coded to run once per day and could not be reconfigured. With this release, a ConfigMap has enabled the configuration of the whereabouts' cron schedule. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-27958[*OCPBUGS-27958*])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The Whereabouts reconciliation schedule was hard-coded to run once per day and could not be reconfigured. With this release, a ConfigMap has enabled the configuration of the whereabouts cron schedule. xref:../networking/multiple_networks/configuring-additional-network.adoc#nw-multus-creating-whereabouts-reconciler-daemon-set_configuring-additional-network[Creating a Whereabouts reconciler daemon set].
```

Author: done :) ty!

> * The Whereabouts reconciliation schedule was hard-coded to run once per day and could not be reconfigured. With this release, a ConfigMap has enabled the configuration of the whereabouts cron schedule. xref:../networking/multiple_networks/configuring-additional-network.adoc#nw-multus-creating-whereabouts-reconciler-daemon-set_configuring-additional-network[Creating a Whereabouts reconciler daemon set].

Reviewer: - "Hardcoded" one word per IBM SG
- Markup `ConfigMap` and add "object" or "resource" after
- Initcap "Whereabouts"
- Feels like the xref is missing a "For more information" or something to make it a complete sentence?

```suggestion
* The Whereabouts reconciliation schedule was hardcoded to run once per day and could not be reconfigured. With this release, a `ConfigMap` object has enabled the configuration of the Whereabouts cron schedule. For more information, see xref:../networking/multiple_networks/configuring-additional-network.adoc#nw-multus-creating-whereabouts-reconciler-daemon-set_configuring-additional-network[Creating a Whereabouts reconciler daemon set].
```
